## RQ1

**RQ1: How is the test code quality of tests generated by ChatGPT compared to tests generated by program synthesis tool Pynguin?**

For this evaluation, we use coverage.py for test coverage statistics and pylint for static coverage.

### Data collection process

For the evaluation, we select certain numbers of programming problems from Leetcode.

Refer to RQ1.pdf for more detailed workflow description.

### Prompt Formats

PROBLEM:

LEVEL OF DIFFICULTY:

TAGS:

DESCRIPTION:

---

Input prompt for the implementation:

You are a software developer. You have been given a problem statement as below:

> Give the problem description

Implement a solution based on the given examples in Python.
Follow good software developer practices while generating the code.
Comment the code liberally to explain what each piece does and why it is written that way.

---

Input prompt for the test code generation:

You are a software developer writing tests for some software functions.

Given below is a function:

> Generated Implementation Code is added here

Implement test for the given implementation using pytest in Python.
Ideal test code should have 100 percent test coverage.
Follow good software developer practices while generating the code.
Comment the code liberally to explain what each piece does and why it is written that way.

---

Input prompt for the repeating the test code generation in case the test fails.

The test code fails with following error:

> Error message from the console is added here

Fix the error and regenerate the test code. Run the code against the function below until you have the tests passing. The function below is absolutely correct.

> Generated Implementation Code is added here

coverage run --branch -m pytest
coverage report

pylint {file_name.py}

--timeout-multiplier 2
